hello everybody I want to take a moment
to thank the gathering of nations for
the outstanding work you're doing on
behalf of the American Indian and Alaska
Native communities I also want to
recognize all of the artists dancers
singers and spectators who are taking
part in the 27th annual gathering of
Nations powwow Native Americans the
first Americans have always been a rich
and vibrant part of our national
heritage and that's why last November my
administration hosted representatives
from 386 nations at the White House
tribal nations conference the largest
and most widely attended meeting of
tribal leaders in history back then I
expressed my commitment to build on our
nation to nation relationship with
tribes across the country and I made it
a priority to work with tribal leaders
to tackle some of the greatest
challenges facing the Native American
community as a whole together we've
taken positive steps towards change we
listened to you when you told us that
improving healthcare was a major
priority for American Indian communities
and that's why last month I was proud to
sign a law that will permanently
reauthorize the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act and make important
improvements to the Indian Health System
to make sure your voices remain hurt I
appointed Kimberly tehe to the White
House Domestic Policy Council to serve
as a direct link between Indian country
and the highest levels of my
administration Kim is joined by Jodie
Gillette from the office of
intergovernmental affairs who works to
keep you informed and lets us know about
your questions and concerns managing the
nation a nation relationship between
tribes and the federal government
although we've made great strides in
improving the lives of native americans
we have so much more work to do I want
each of you to know that this
administration will continue to do our
part to move our country and Indian
country forward thank you all for your
commitment and I wish you a successful
power
you